Make Tenant available in the Cluster Template (#215)
projectsyn/lieutenant-operator: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/explanations/templating.adoc

    repoName: t-aezoo6
  clusterTemplate:
    facts:
      name: '{{ index .Annotations "syn.tools/name"}}'<1>
      creation: '{{ .CreationTimestamp }}'
    gitRepoTemplate:
      apiSecretRef:
        name: secret-{{ .Spec.TenantRef.Name }}
      path: cluster-catalogs/{{ index .Spec.Facts "cloud"}}
      repoName: catalog-{{ .Name }}
      displayName: '{{.Tenant.Spec.DisplayName}} - {{ .Spec.DisplayName }}'<2>
----
<1> Sets the fact `name` to the value in the annotation `syn.tools/name` of the cluster being templated.

> <2> Sets the git repository display name to a concatination of the tenants display name and the clusters display name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Sets the git repository display name to a concatenation of the tenant's display name and the clusters display name.
```
